## 24: Peace (Shanti)

**Lesson Goal Statement:**
Today we will study about quality #14 Peace (Shanti). Let's first read what Guruji wrote about this property in *God talks to Arjuna*. 

Peace (shanti) is a divine quality. A true yogi, one united to “the peace of God, which passeth all understanding,” is like a lovely rose, spreading around him the fragrance of tranquility and harmony. 

Everything in the phenomenal world displays activity and changefulness, but tranquility is the nature of God. 

Man as a soul has within himself that same nature of calmness. When in his consciousness he can level and still the three mental states of upheaval — the waves of sorrow and gladness and the dips of indifference between them — he perceives within himself the placid ocean of spiritual soul-calmness expanding into the boundless sea of tranquility in Spirit.

Our goal today in this class is to understand about importance of this quality and then have some tips or methods to implement in our daily life and form some new habits. 

### Story: The Lost Needle 

There was an old woman who lived in a humble hut in some small hamlet of India. She was a Sufi saint, loved all the people who lived in that village, so she was dear to all. One morning some people who were passing by saw her slowly walking outside her cottage, intensely searching for something. 

When they were returning home at mid afternoon they found her still searching, half bent to the ground. They took pity on the old woman and asked her what she was looking for. The old woman said that she was searching for a needle that she had dropped somewhere. The group of people also started looking for the needle to help her. They all had good eyesight but could not find the needle. So one of them asked her , “can you please tell us where exactly did you drop it?” She promptly replied that she had dropped it inside the cottage. The people could not believe the madness. They were angry and told her that not only has she wasted her time but wasted their time as well. Why is she searching outside if the needle is inside the cottage? The old lady then replied, “look , I am searching in the wrong place only today, but you all search in the wrong place everyday!” Then she told them that each one looks for happiness somewhere other than it is. It is inside you, and you are always looking for it in the objects of the world outside. Isn’t that madness.? All saints have time and again explained what this simple Sufi saint explained by acting out a practical demonstration of this valuable teaching.
*******     *****     *******
The moral is that we are all looking for peace and happiness outside in the material things while peace is within us. Its quality of soul. Its in the tranquility of the mind. If we meditate enough we will be able to discover the peace within which will provide us all the happiness that we need. 

#### Energization: 
Heavenly Father, It is thou who does directly sustain my body. Awaken within me, conscious will, conscious health, conscious vitality and conscious realization. O eternal youth of body and mind, abide in me forever and forever. 

##### Opening Prayer
Teach me O father, to dive again and again in meditation, deeper and deeper, until i find Thine immortal pearls of wisdom, and divine peace. 

##### Meditation: 
- Opening Prayer: From Joy we come, for joy we live, and into that sacred joy we will one day melt again. 
- Brahmanandam 
- Right posture 
- Breathing exercise 
- Meditation Exercise : Lessons: The Flame of Peace: 
- Watch your breath and focus at kutastha (15 mins)

Affirmation:
Today i will worship God in deep silence and wait to hear His answer through my increasing peace of meditation.  

Prayer: 
Beloved God, You are in my heart, You are in my mind, You are in my soul. I love you. Aum Peace Amen. 

Posture Review: 

Closing Prayer: 
**“Beloved God,We thank you for this mediation and wonderful class.Bless our every effort to draw closer to you..Aum Peace Amen”**

Healing Service: **Thou art omnipresent; Thou art in all Thy children; manifest Thy healing presence in their body/minds and soul.**
Prayer for world peace. 

Take Away from the class: 
- Peace is within. We need to look inside. 
- Peace can be manufactured inside. 
- Peace is soul quality. Its not something that's acquired from outside. 
- When mind is tranquil peace will automatically emerge from it. 
- example of moon in the vassel as the water stills moon appears clearly: moon = peace. water = mind. 

Jai Guru !! 

