- My strength is my focus on culture. (I want to give autonomy and best possible experience to my people. And I am a good coach for them in all arenas. )
- My strength is my mindset. Its very simple and business/customer focused and outcome driven. Why am i doing what am I doing ? 
- Understanding the customer context. Always bringing the question of who will use these widgets ? Teachers, Admins, Students ? How would they use it. If you were a teacher how would you look at it. Security roles. And then applying context of different types of customers we have like large customers, multi-district customers and single large district customers. 
- My Technical, Process and People abilities. #1. I am a good learner. So i can learn about things very quickly grasp and then I am involved in architecture discussions with my team. My deep knowledge and understanding of databases, optimization techniques and unique ability to bring both business and technical understanding together is something that's very helpful. 
- e.g. I would ask would this SQL work for my largest customer. Different types of customers we have would our design work optimally for each of these configurations. 
- Asking "Why are we doing what we are doing ? ". Keeping customer context always with us and business context. What benefit this is going to bring to us. Is this the right priority. 
- Listening and Understanding. e.g. 4-5 meetings onwards I will add an agenda is this meeting really adding the value we need ? 
- Being highly mindful. e.g. I would review my calendar in the morning and ask questions, if i am prepared for the meetings that are coming up. I will spend some time for preparing for each meeting. I will start some slack threads so that people are mentally up for the meeting. I would kind of summarize and take questions. 
- I have built a strong system of follow ups. Using microsoft task boards across teams for all forums. A good structure. I am good at creating a structure. Creating/defining roles and responsibilities and iterating over these so that we put ourselves in continuous improvement mode. This is my mindset. 
- Building high performance Culture Teams - Technology Agnostics