24.6.1.0 Release Notes 
1. Table alteration for MTSS Interventions– script is updated for 1.5 customers – @Rohit Shrivastava
2. Launch darkly key is updated for 2.0 customers– MTSS Interventions - @Rohit Shrivastava - @Naresh Sama – will take care for 1.5 customer
3. Non-PS Should be enabled back - @Yogesh Ramaswamy
4. ETL cron for file based customers – Data ninja’s – Optional field, it can be used based on request post release
5. New crons Introduced in 24.6.1.0 – DM – Will be pushed to other environments through HDP changes
6. School number – Kickboard – Optional field, it can be used post release via change request
7. Common Warehouse – We can update post release based on the request and work with @Adam Sharp
8. Circular dependencies – DM – We can check and clean up only if we have the issue

LAUSD Scaling Challenge: 5K Users: Customer Escalation. 
- Build a test suite internally to test 5k User Test - Replicate the issue internally 
- Separate WH per EC2 node 
- Separate WH for a set of Metrics 
- Materialized view of sec-stu-link 
- Set based Security at Kern 
- Optimize assessment metrics / Optimize long running SQLs 

- Tried 5k Users within 10 mins. With cache not much load on portal but snowflake side load was high. 80-100 snowflake warehouses with cache. First 2 mins load increases and then the load on snowflake goes down. Within 5 minutes 5000 users logging in. So this is causing huge spike. The user experience is become bad. Without cache load is coming to snowflake. With cache load is coming on the portal side (in-memory portal and snowflake)
- Snowflake cache on and portal cache off. Queuing takes up time in Snowflake. 
- 