
Hello Renu

You asked me one question yesterday. In terms of what 'ticks' me. I would interpret that as what gives me 'energy' and something with which i can inspire and motivate people around me. 

As you have understood little bit about me, I am not a person who is driven by 'money'. I am driven by something more like a 'cause' or something that can make this world a better place. And i am saying these words more from my heart and not just cliche. 

If i take example of Observe.AI, my first goal there would be to really go deep and understand how my solution is impacting the customer support reps who are using my software day to day. How can it help them in serve their customers better , quicker and in more automated fashion. At a larger picture how can it help contact centers help their customers get what they need quickly. Today, there is so much frustration about the bots that get engaged for any customer service we reach out to. And to me its a huge pain point for businesses and individuals trying to help customers of their services. 

As an engineering leader, what the edge i have is that with technology i can impact millions very quickly in a scalable manner. And when i see such a tool at my hand and all the backing of investments and people that i have who can be part of this mission that's what really ticks me to go out and capture that business and TAM available. With this vision and mission I am able to inspire. 

'Money' is a great indicator of what i am doing is really helping my customers. Since if they are ready to pay and pay more that means my solutions are working on the right side. But at times not all we do through are products 'directly' results in revenue. Its indirect benefits such as feedbacks and inputs we get from users of our software. If they are constantly talking good about our solution and feel 'empathized' with how we improve it by 'listening' to their needs (sometime spoken and sometimes not) then i know sooner of later that's resulting in the revenue in terms of retention of our customers or higher sales because of references. Customer support reps are moving from one provider to another provider and if they become advocate of our solution then more and more contact centers would like to use our services. 

In PowerSchool our mission is to really help each student get better results and make lives of teachers easy since they are so much stressed. However, At times i feel we are so much driven by solutions that we can 'sell' to stakeholder than really 'wanting' to 'help' our real users. This was the difference in 'schoology' way of operating vs PowerSchool. They are now changing with Bain coming in. But if i get to work with a leadership who are truely 'passionate' about helping their customers and user 'money' and 'growth' as indicators of success and not the success alone then I am very excited and enthusiastic to work with them and make them grow. I can inspire and enthuse teams with lot of energy with such a mission and then navigate them through various difficulties and achieve success. 

I am very greatful for your feedback of not being to show 'high energy' and i will start working on that since i understand what people see is what they believe in. However, i hope you also understand this has become part of my personality where i am more of a 'deep thinker' i read a lot and focus on 'strategies' through which problems can be solved. But there is no challenge with me being able to inspire and excite youth and people once i myself am excited about the mission of the organization which has to be something more grand than 'making more money'. 


Just wanted to put this in front of you and going forward i will prepare myself more and ask more questions about vision/mission of the organization and leaders and bring that enthusiasm in myself before such meetings itself. 

Regarding Observe.AI, I do feel they are at the cusp of change. Challenge with most organizations is that they start as start-ups. And they think we are going to operate like 'startups' forever. However, Once you have more than couple of hundred customers and few million users and a code base that's spread across everywhere, organizations have to realize that unfortunately they are no more startups. They need to invest more in architecture, refactoring, automations and thinking more than doing. Once you have a million users you have to 'prioritize hard'. Its no more about doing a lot of things. It become more about doing the right things. Something that will have highest impact across your entire userbase. 
