Ultimate Purpose of life is expressed in several form as below: 
- To achieve self-realization 
- Free the soul from bondages of the world 
- Be able to find God 
- Be able to find eternal peace and happiness 

Why choose a Spiritual Path and Journey: 

#### Problem Statement: 
We are constantly unhappy. End of life is depressing and full of sorrow. Life appears to be purpose less. We want life to be ever joyful ever happy. 

#### Solution: 
Life is sorrowful because of incomplete understanding of life and the universe. You can call it ignorance (*Avidya*). We are in constant delusion of this physical world. And this is the root cause of all sorrows. A Guru is someone who brings in light and make the ignorance vanish. 

#### What is this delusion ? 
Delusion is wrong understanding of life and ourselves. E.g. we think that we are this body and this mind and we are here on this earth for certain number of years. We do not exist beyond this phenomena. We do not understand what is that which exists behind this worldly existence and how it moves from one life to other life. What makes the journey of the soul towards higher level of existence. We do not work towards elevating our soul. We are too much engrossed in this world and its pursuits such as relationships, work, money, status, health etc. This life is gone before we even try to understand it. We do not seek truth and remain in the delusion. We follow others mindlessly without seeing who are we following. All this faulty understanding and not knowing about the real substance i.e. soul leads us towards sorrow. 

### Methods of coming out of this Delusion
There are various approaches of coming out from this delusion state. e.g. Vairagya that is detachment from this world can help us come out of this delusion. Or through bhakti that is worshipping God the ultimate truth or substance can help us realize our soul nature. By performing services and duties to others we can lose our self and ego or through sheer will power by performing yoga we can also come out of this delusion. However, the power of delusion is so fierce that it will keep entangling us within itself. 


Delusion is a layered process and this works through our conscious mind. And so, mind who is there to protect us is covered through these layers of delusions and covers us completely. Over a period of time we become like blind people who do not know what to do to come of this. 

This is the time Guru comes in the scene and provides us a step by step path to get out of this delusion. Coming out of this delusion is not very hard if we find the right Guru and we follow him diligently. 