Focus of the Week: Be in the present moment. Cultivate habit of being in present. 

Resent dwelling in past or dreaming or getting scared about future. Enjoy the present moment. In case there are thoughts from past, write these down, analyze and then throw them after knowing what you have learned from these. In case thoughts of future comes further analyze , question and then trash these since these are of no use. If you foresee something threatening.

Focus from this point on will be on reducing extent of lust that you possess. Method to be used is analysis method. It is triggered by visually seeing a person. This triggers an electromagnetic wave in the brain signaling an expected pleasure. As per the technique explained in one of the talk, intercept this signal right there and ask this question. Is this pleasure for real ? 

Understand and be convinced that sexual pleasure is not real. A false image is created in your brain through movies and other material that is fake. The pleasure is very momentary in nature. Also, this is something you can achieve with your own spouse easily. If this pleasure was so great you would be having this with your own spouse everyday. The fact that you are not doing it means this pleasure is not real. Imagining a higher pleasure with another person is fake and imaginary. Discard it from your mind with this repeated affirmation. Sexual pleasure is fake and false. Its momentary. Its way too expensive and unreal in nature. 

The other fact you should let your mind know is that your mind seeks not this sex but the love originated from the person. You are already getting all this love from your own partner. No one outside will give this love to you without anything in exchange. And this exchange is not going to be cheap. Since by giving this another person will expect back everything from you which is not unfair. Hence this pleasure is not just expensive rather its not within boundaries of social limitations even possible. Affirm this in your mind again and again. Sexual exchange is expensive and impractical in this social world. I will seek such love from my partner and pure love only God can give. I will not look for this pleasure and love. 

Tips for better mindfulness or being in the present:
- Frequently check on your breath and for few breath or as long as you want watch your breath
- focus on any inner part of the body such as heart beat, sensations in your spine if you can feel 
- simply feel your body by tensing and relaxing each small body part in some sequence such as bottom to top 
- inhale tense  relax and exhale few times and watch your body 
- instead of thinking of past and going in past, think of what are you today because of what actions or decisions you made in past. think more about your present state. you are a product of what all you did or happened 
- have gratitude and remind yourself multiple times in the day how grateful you are today 
- instead of thinking about future such as getting fearful or anxious, think of what you can do now that will impact your future positively 
- focus on actions you are performing now. will they give you better results. 
- thoughts are triggered by your senses getting in touch with worldly objects and then your mind creating some fantasies around it. stop the moment your senses observe something and think, are those fantasies / dreams pleasures or pains are real. you can instantly get rid of bad habits also you can slowly reduce similar thoughts and be in present more.